README.md, before:

# Go lang development codestyle and guideline

## Project mission

There are lots of engineers which use golang in the world, so we want to carry our knowledge and experience how to code perfect [go](https://golang.org) code as wide as we can.

You're able to expore and use our techniques of managing go project. How organize code, built an application, pack it into containers and others.  
We described our vision how to write readable code which is scalable and performable. We don't teach how to get the most performable code, we're for readability.  
Also you'll find some tricks which explain how to boost performance of your code without losing readability.

## How to contribute

This project is opened to contribution. Feel free to create pull requests but we have some [rules](rules/index.md) and you should follow it.
If you disagree with rules and have proposals feel free to create pull request or issue.

## Index

* [Rules](rules)
  * [Structure](rules/structure)
    * [Article](rules/structure/article)
    * [Stream](rules/structure/stream)
  * [Guidelines](guidelines)
  * [Codestyle](codestyle)

Commit message:

New structure
Some topics about packaging covered

README.md, after:

# Go lang development codestyle and guideline

## Project mission

We are engineers who use [go](https://golang.org) for solving technical issues every day for a long time and we have strong experience how to build performable, scalable readable, and, what's very important, simple applications with golang.

We want to carry our expirience on to the world to see lots of simple probjects that solve complicated tasks and were written with go-style code (not java/ruby/php/c++/etc in go).

Feel free to follow our guidelines/codestyle.

## Contributing

If you want to contribute just follow next simple rules.

### Follow style

We don't fix any style of texting, but your codestyle or guideline should be consistent with others.

### Use hierarchy

Create new topics in appropriate directories. Name of directory should present a domain which covers these topics.

### Ask help

If you don't know how to do just ask any maintainer for help.

---

### Contributors

[Konstantin Shafranski](https://github.com/kostassh)

## Index

- [Packaging](packaging)
